♪
Man: IT HAS BEEN ONE TOUGH YEAR
FOR OUR SCHOOL,
BUT THAT ALL ENDS
THIS SATURDAY!
BECAUSE THAT'S WHEN THIS TEAM,
MY WARRIORS,
ARE GONNA BURN
THOSE PANSY-ASS OHIO PLAYERS
RIGHT TO THE GROUND!
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
Connor: AND STOP ACTING LIKE
A LITTLE BITCH BABY.
DO NOT TELL ME
HOW TO FEEL RIGHT NOW!
HEY.
AAH!
SORRY IT TOOK SO LONG.
I WENT BACK FOR THIS.
NOW, YOU --
YOU TAKE THAT BACK RIGHT NOW!
NO. IT'S SMART.
COMMONWEALTH
v. DELOATCHE --
A CASE THE PROSECUTION
SHOULD'VE WON BUT LOST
BECAUSE THERE WAS
NO MURDER WEAPON.
SO, WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
WE CLEAN IT
AND WE PUT IT BACK.
HIDE IT IN PLAIN SIGHT.
AFTER WE BURY THE BODY.
NO, ABSOLUTELY NOT.
YEAH,
I-I-I-I'M WITH MICHAELA.
NO, CONNOR, THINK.
THE TROPHY WE NEED, YES.
BUT THE BODY STAYS WHERE IT IS.
NO, THE BODY IS
WHAT GETS US CAUGHT.
YOU ARE NOT
THINKING STRAIGHT.
WHAT DO YOU SUGGEST?!
SOMETHING THAT DOESN'T INVOLVE
CARRYING A BODY
ACROSS CAMPUS ON THE BUSIEST
NIGHT OF THE YEAR!
Connor:
SHE'S RIGHT, LAUREL.
EVEN IF WE GET IT
OUT OF THE HOUSE, UNSEEN,
THE GROUND IS FROZEN!
WE HAVE ALL NIGHT TO DIG.
YOU DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT!
THIS IS MURDER! NONE OF US KNOW
WHAT WE'RE TALKING ABOUT!
JUST YELL THAT
A LITTLE LOUDER!
HONESTLY, YOU'RE ALL DUMBER
THAN I THOUGHT IF YOU THINK...
LOOK, I'M AGREEING WITH YOU --
YOU TWO NEED TO MAN UP AND THINK
BECAUSE WE'RE GOING TO JAIL.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
SHUT UP!
IT'S TWO AGAINST TWO.
WE HAVE NO OTHER CHOICE.
WE FLIP A COIN.
THAT IS THE DUMBEST THING
YOU'VE EVER SAID.
I'M NOT LETTING A FREAKING
COIN DECIDE WHETHER OR NOT
I GO TO JAIL TONIGHT!
WE DON'T HAVE TIME
TO FIGHT!
WE NEED TO MAKE A DECISION
AND COMMIT TO IT.
SO IF SOMEONE HAS A BETTER IDEA,
SAY IT NOW!
HEADS, WE GET THE BODY.
TAILS,
WE LEAVE IT WHERE IT IS. OKAY?
♪ WHEN YOU'RE FEELING
DARK AND STORMY ♪
♪ LET ME SING
A SONG FOR YOU ♪
♪ IN YOUR ROOM,
A FOREST GREW ♪
♪ WALK THROUGH
AND LIFT YOUR BLUES ♪
♪ AH-OOH, AH-OOH ♪
♪ AH-OOH, I'D BE FOR YOU ♪
♪ I SAY, AH-OOH, AH-OOH ♪
♪ I'D BE FOR YOU ♪
♪ I FEEL IT SPREAD OUT
BEFORE ME ♪
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
I THREW UP
FOUR TIMES THIS MORNING
WORRIED
SHE'S GONNA CALL ON ME.
YEAH,
SHE'S A BALLBUSTER, SURE,
BUT I SPENT MY SUMMER INTERNING
FOR CHIEF JUSTICE ROBERTS,
SO I KNOW HOW TO HANDLE
A BIG PERSONALITY.
DERSHOWITZ HAS THE UPPER HAND
IN THE ACADEMIC WORLD,
BUT KEATING'S CLEARLY
THE BETTER DEFENSE ATTORNEY.
♪ AH-OOH, I'D BE FOR YOU ♪
[ EXHALES SHARPLY ]
HERE WE GO.
I'M NOT USUALLY
A FIRST-ROW KIND OF GUY,
BUT I PROMISED MYSELF I WOULDN'T
HIDE IN THE BACK OF THE CLASS.
I'M ENGAGED.
OH. OH, NO.
I-I WASN'T HITTING ON...
SEATS ARE ASSIGNED.
THERE'S A CHART OVER THERE.
NICE TRY, PLAYER.
NO. I WASN'T TRYING ANYTHING...
YOU SHOULD FIND YOUR SEAT.
YOU DON'T WANT TO BE A SITTING
DUCK WHEN THE SHOOTER GETS HERE.
WHAT?
OH, MY GOD. YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT YOU JUST WALKED INTO.
Annalise: GOOD MORNING.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT TERRIBLE
THINGS YOU'VE DONE IN YOUR LIFE
UP TO THIS POINT,
BUT CLEARLY YOUR KARMA'S
OUT OF BALANCE
TO GET ASSIGNED TO MY CLASS.
I'M PROFESSOR ANNALISE KEATING,
AND THIS IS CRIMINAL LAW 100.
OR, AS I PREFER TO CALL IT...
...HOW TO GET AWAY WITH MURDER.
UNLIKE MANY OF MY COLLEAGUES,
I WILL NOT BE TEACHING YOU
HOW TO STUDY THE LAW
OR THEORIZE ABOUT IT,
BUT RATHER
HOW TO PRACTICE IT --
IN A COURTROOM,
LIKE A REAL LAWYER.
NOW TO OUR FIRST CASE STUDY,
THE ASPIRIN ASSASSIN.
TELL US THE FACTS...
...CONNOR WALSH.
THE COMMONWEALTH
v. GINA SADOWSKI
WAS A CASE
OF ATTEMPTED MURDER.
THE DEFENDANT, MS. SADOWSKI,
WORKED AS THE SECOND ASSISTANT
TO THE VICTIM,
ARTHUR KAUFMAN,
THE C.E.O.
OF AN ADVERTISING AGENCY.
MS. SADOWSKI WAS NOT ONLY
HIS ASSISTANT, THOUGH.
SHE WAS ALSO HIS MISTRESS.
WHAT HAPPENED AFTER
MR. KAUFMAN'S WIFE OF 27 YEARS,
AGNES,
FOUND OUT ABOUT THE AFFAIR?
YOU.
HE ENDED THE RELATIONSHIP
AND TRANSFERRED HER TO
THE ACCOUNTING DEPARTMENT.
THAT'S WHEN SHE
ALLEGEDLY SWITCHED
ONE OF HIS BLOOD PRESSURE PILLS
FOR AN ASPIRIN,
WHICH SHE KNEW
HE WAS ALLERGIC TO.
WHAT OCCURRED WHEN MR. KAUFMAN
INGESTED THE ASPIRIN?
ANYONE?
MR. KAUFMAN WENT INTO
ANAPHYLACTIC SHOCK.
HIS THROAT SWELLED AND HIS BRAIN
WAS DEPRIVED OF OXYGEN
FOR 7 MINUTES
BEFORE HIS FIRST ASSISTANT
WAS ABLE
TO RESUSCITATE HIM.
MICHAELA PRATT.
SO, WE'VE ESTABLISHED
THE ACTUS REUS.
WHAT WAS THE MENS REA?
WESLEY GIBBINS?
THE...MENS REA?
RIGHT.
DAY 1
AND YOU'RE UNPREPARED?
NO.
WELL, UM, YES, BUT I DIDN'T KNOW
THERE WAS ANYTHING TO PREPARE.
I E-MAILED THE ASSIGNMENT TO
THE ENTIRE CLASS TWO DAYS AGO.
OH.
I...DIDN'T GET THAT.
MR. GIBBINS,
AS A DEFENSE ATTORNEY,
I SPEND MOST OF MY TIME
AROUND PROFESSIONAL LIARS,
SO YOU HAVE TO WORK REALLY HARD
TO FOOL ME.
[ SIGHS ]
I ONLY GOT ACCEPTED HERE
TWO DAYS AGO...
FROM THE WAIT LIST,
SO THAT'S PROBABLY WHY YOU
DIDN'T GET MY E-MAIL ADDRESS.
LET ME HELP YOU OUT.
"ACTUS REUS"
MEANS "GUILTY ACT" --
THE POISONING OF MR. KAUFMAN
WITH AN ASPIRIN --
WHEREAS "MENS REA"
MEANS "GUILTY MIND."
SO WHAT WAS
MS. SADOWSKI'S MENS REA?
THINK, MR. GIBBINS.
IT'S NOTHING MORE
THAN COMMON SENSE.
Laurel: TO KILL.
WILL THE INDIVIDUAL
WHO JUST SPOKE
PLEASE STAND
AND REPEAT THE ANSWER?
THE MENS REA,
ALSO REFERRED TO AS "INTENT,"
WAS TO KILL MR. KAUFMAN.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOUR NAME?
LAUREL CASTILLO.
NEVER TAKE
A LEARNING OPPORTUNITY AWAY
FROM ANOTHER STUDENT,
NO MATTER HOW SMART YOU NEED
EVERYONE TO THINK YOU ARE.
ALL RIGHT, BEFORE WE MOVE ON,
ARE THERE ANY OTHER QUESTIONS?
MR. WALSH.
I NOTICED THAT THE VERDICT
WASN'T LISTED HERE.
SO I GUESS MY QUESTION IS,
DID SHE DO IT?
WHY DON'T YOU ASK HER
YOURSELF?
I LIED. THIS ISN'T A PAST CASE
BUT ONE I TOOK LAST WEEK
AFTER GINA FIRED
HER PREVIOUS LAWYER.
THIS ONE DAY,
I WALKED INTO HIS OFFICE
WHEN I JUST SCREAMED,
REAL LOUD,
'CAUSE ARTHUR WAS STANDING THERE
BEHIND THE DOOR.
[ CHUCKLES ] I THOUGHT HE WAS
GONNA BE PISSED AT ME, YELL,
BUT INSTEAD
HE JUST STARTED LAUGHIN'.
SO THEN I STARTED LAUGHIN'
AND, WELL, UM,
THAT'S WHEN HE KISSED ME
FOR THE FIRST TIME AND...
YEAH,
I BECAME THAT GIRL.
SOMETHING TELLS ME
SHE'S ALWAYS BEEN "THAT GIRL."
IT WAS ON MY LAST DAY
WORKIN' FOR HIM
WHEN I CAME BACK FROM LUNCH
AND SAW THE PARAMEDICS.
WHEN I HEARD
THAT ARTHUR WAS HURT...
I LOVED HIM.
I KNOW THAT'S HARD TO BELIEVE,
BUT I LOVED HIM.
[ Voice breaking ] WHY IN THE
HELL WOULD I WANT TO HURT HIM?
Annalise:
THE TRIAL BEGINS IN TWO DAYS,
SO TOMORROW,
EACH OF YOU HAVE ONE MINUTE
TO PRESENT THE BEST DEFENSE
FOR THIS CASE.
SEE IF YOU CAN BEAT
MY CURRENT PLAN.
MR. GIBBINS?
YES?
YOU'LL GO LAST,
AN UNENVIABLE POSITION
SEEING THAT NO TWO STUDENTS
WILL BE ALLOWED
TO PRESENT THE SAME IDEA.
USE THE RESOURCES
IN THIS OFFICE --
GINA'S DISCOVERY FILE,
MY LIBRARY,
THE PEOPLE WHO KNOW ME
EVEN BETTER THAN MYSELF --
MY ASSOCIATES.
NAME'S FRANK, AND UNLIKE
EVERY TEACHER YOU'VE HAD,
I DO BELIEVE
THERE ARE STUPID QUESTIONS.
SO IF YOU GOT 'EM, PLEASE SEE
MY LOVELY COLLEAGUE BONNIE.
OR, BETTER, YOU COULD COME TO US
WITH ANSWERS.
WE'LL LIKE YOU MUCH BETTER
THAT WAY.
AND ONE MORE THING.
EVERY YEAR I CHOOSE FOUR
STUDENTS TO COME WORK FOR ME.
THIS ASSIGNMENT IS USED
TO HELP ME DECIDE WHO THAT IS.
THE TOP STUDENT GETS THIS.
CONSIDER THIS
YOUR IMMUNITY IDOL.
YOU -- YOU TAKE THAT BACK
RIGHT NOW!
THE WINNER CAN TURN THIS IN
AT ANY POINT
TO GET OUT OF AN EXAM.
NOW GO.
FIND A DEFENSE
THAT WILL FREE OUR CLIENT.
THE FIRST ASSISTANT SAW GINA
WITH AN ASPIRIN THAT MORNING.
FORENSICS FOUND ASPIRIN RESIDUE
ON THE PLATE.
SHE WAS WARNED ABOUT THE ALLERGY
FIRST DAY ON THE JOB,
WHICH MEANS WE SHOULD ARGUE...
WE SHOULD ARGUE...
[ SIGHS ]
WHICH MEANS WE SHOULD ARGUE...
WE SHOULD ARGUE...
MEANS WE SHOULD ARGUE...
SHE'S GUILTY.
[ HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ GROANS ]
HI. WES.
I JUST MOVED IN
NEXT DOOR.
WHAT DO YOU WANT?
UH, YOUR MUSIC...
I NORMALLY WOULDN'T ASK
TO TURN IT DOWN
BUT TODAY WAS MY FIRST DAY
OF LAW SCHOOL --
NO.
WHAT?
THE LAST GUY WHO LIVED IN YOUR
APARTMENT WAS A LAW STUDENT.
I PUT UP WITH
HIS CRAZY-LOUD RABBIT SEX,
HIS NERVOUS BREAKDOWN.
YOU CAN DEAL WITH THIS.
UH, UH...
[ MUSIC CONTINUES ]
Connor: MICHAELA.
I NEVER AGREED TO THIS!
THE COIN DID, SO I'M GONNA STAND
HERE AND NOT SEE ANYTHING
SO WHEN I'M CALLED TO TESTIFY,
I CAN SAY JUST THAT.
I JUST WANT YOU
TO MOVE YOUR FEET.
WHAT?
HERE.
I WIPED THE SINK DOWN WITH
BLEACH AFTER I WASHED IT.
NOW WHAT?
WE PUT IT BACK.
Connor: LET'S JUST GET THE HELL
OUT OF HERE. NOW.
I'LL HELP.
[ GRUNTING ]
FINE.
Laurel: [ GRUNTS ]
WHOA.
AAH!
COME OUT HERE.
Officer:
THIS CAR ONE OF YOURS?
IT'S MY CAR, SIR.
YOU'RE BLOCKING
THE SIDEWALK.
OH. UH, RIGHT. I CAN --
I CAN MOVE IT RIGHT NOW.
THIS THAT
LAW PROFESSOR'S OFFICE?
YES.
PROFESSOR KEATING.
WE'RE HER LAW STUDENTS,
BUT SHE'S OUT OF TOWN
AND TOLD US TO TAKE THIS OLD RUG
TO THE BONFIRE.
SHE ASKED YOU TO GO INTO HER
HOUSE AND BURN A RUG FOR HER?
IT SOUNDS WEIRD,
I KNOW.
WHY DON'T I GIVE HER A CALL SO
SHE CAN EXPLAIN TO YOU HERSELF?
UH...IT'S A LITTLE LATE TO CALL
HER, DON'T YOU THINK?
THE NICE OFFICER HERE
THINKS WE'RE BURGLING
OUR PROFESSOR'S HOUSE.
RIGHT.
LET'S JUST CLEAR
THIS WHOLE THING UP.
I MEAN,
IT IS A LITTLE LATE.
OH, GOD, AND SHE HAD TO GO
TO HER MOTHER'S FUNERAL TODAY.
BUT MAYBE
SHE'S NOT ASLEEP YET.
Man: THIS'LL BURN GOOD!
IT'S FINE. JUST --
[ GLASS SHATTERS ]
DAMN IT.
BE SAFE, OKAY? THERE'S A TON
OF CRAZIES OUT TONIGHT.
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
WHERE THE HELL HAS THAT GIRL
BEEN ALL NIGHT?
WE SHOULD OFFER THE JURY
ANOTHER SUSPECT ALTOGETHER --
MR. KAUFMAN'S WIFE, AGNES.
SHE WAS ANGRY ABOUT THE AFFAIR,
HAD ACCESS TO HIS OFFICE,
AND KNEW WHAT ASPIRIN LOOKED
LIKE HIS BLOOD PRESSURE PILL.
SO WHAT BETTER WAY
TO GET REVENGE
THAN TO KILL
YOUR CHEATING HUSBAND
AND PIN IT ON HIS MISTRESS?
[ TIMER RINGS ]
THANK YOU.
TAKE A SEAT, MS. PRATT.
YOU'VE MOVED ON
TO THE NEXT ROUND.
WHO'S NEXT?
Asher: IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO A SIMPLE PIECE OF EVIDENCE --
THAT THE DOCTOR "CLAIMS"
HE RAN MR. KAUFMAN'S BLOOD WORK
TOO LATE TO FIND
ANY ASPIRIN IN HIS BLOOD.
A STATISTICAL BREAKDOWN
OF THE JURY POOL
SHOWS 80% OF THEM COME FROM
A LOW SOCIOECONOMIC CLASS.
YES, GINA PUT THE PILL
ON HIS DESK,
BUT DID SHE HAVE
THE INTENT TO KILL?
OUR CLIENT MISTOOK THE ASPIRIN
AS HIS BLOOD PRESSURE
MEDICATION...
THE ISSUES AT PLAY
ARE COMPLICATED
AND IN NEED
OF MORE EXTENSIVE RESEARCH...
SO WITHOUT A WITNESS
TO ASSURE THAT, UM...
DO WE REALLY TRUST THIS DOCTOR,
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
OF THE JURY?
OR DID SHE SIMPLY
WANT TO GIVE HIM A SCARE?
IPSO FACTO,
THIS IS A CLASSIC CASE OF...
DIMINISHED CAPACITY...
A CLASS STRUGGLE...
AN ACCIDENT...
AUTOMATISM...
UM, WHERE'S GINA?
GINA'S ONE OF THEM
WHILE MR. KAUFMAN REPRESENTS
THE WEALTHY AND OUT OF TOUCH.
ATTEMPTED MURDER, THEREFORE,
IS A BOGUS, INACCURATE CHARGE.
WE D--
WE DON'T KNOW WHERE GINA WAS.
I THINK NOT!
I THINK NOT, INDEED!
[ TIMER RINGING ]
Annalise: MR. GIBBINS?
RIGHT.
SO, THE WAY I SEE IT IS...
WE SAY IT WAS SELF-DEFENSE.
[ LIGHT LAUGHTER ]
AND WE DO THAT BECAUSE,
WELL, GINA WAS SUFFERING
FROM STOCKHOLM SYNDROME,
WHICH IS ACTUALLY QUITE COMMON
IN ASSISTANTS
WITH DEMANDING BOSSES.
THE AFFAIR WAS JUST ONE EXAMPLE
OF HOW FAR MR. KAUFMAN'S
BRAINWASHING OF GINA WENT.
HE MADE HER FALL IN LOVE
WITH HIM.
SO IN THIS WAY, HER POISONING
HIM WAS AN ACT OF SELF-DEFENSE.
[ STUDENTS MURMURING ]
AND I'LL JUST
GO STAND OVER THERE.
NO. SIT.
[ INDISTINCT TALKING ]
CONGRATULATIONS TO THOSE
WHO MANAGED TO KEEP YOUR SEAT.
THAT SAID,
NONE OF YOU BEAT MY APPROACH,
WHICH GOES AS FOLLOWS.
STEP 1...
DISCREDIT THE WITNESSES.
STEP 2,
INTRODUCE A NEW SUSPECT.
THAT PERSON IS MR. KAUFMAN'S
JEALOUS BUSINESS PARTNER,
LIONEL BRYANT.
STEP 3,
WE BURY THE EVIDENCE.
WE THROW SO MUCH INFORMATION
AT THE JURY
THAT THEY WALK INTO
THE DELIBERATION ROOM
WITH ONE OVERWHELMING FEELING --
DOUBT.
THAT'S HOW YOU GET AWAY
WITH MURDER.
SEE YOU IN THE COURTHOUSE
AT 9:00.
Michaela:
OH, UM, PROFESSOR KEATING!
WE HAVE TORTS AT 9:00 TOMORROW,
THEN PROPERTY AT 11:00,
SO I'M NOT SURE --
THE WAY YOU'RE WHINING RIGHT NOW
MAKES ME BELIEVE YOU THINK
I'M YOUR MOTHER, MS. PRATT.
SHOW UP TOMORROW
OR DROP OUT OF THE COMPETITION.
IT'S THAT SIMPLE.
Tanner: I WAS HIS FIRST
ASSISTANT FOR 21 YEARS,
SO TO SEE HIM ON
HIS OFFICE FLOOR LIKE THAT,
IT WAS SO AWFUL.
HE WASN'T BREATHING.
AND HIS SKIN KEPT GETTING
MORE AND MORE BLUE.
I'M SORRY, AGNES.
I TRIED EVERYTHING.
Williams: YOU DID EVERYTHING
YOU COULD, MS. TANNER.
WE JUST GOT SCREWED.
NOT IN A GOOD WAY.
YOU DON'T LIKE GINA,
DO YOU?
YOU WOULD YELL AT HER,
CALLING HER...
"INCOMPETENT," "STUPID,"
"PODUNK TRAILER TRASH"?
NO. THAT'S A...
CAN I HAVE A MOMENT,
YOUR HONOR?
WHAT THE HELL
ARE YOU DOING?
WELL, NOW WE KNOW WHO'S
THE FIRST TO FLAME OUT.
HURRY IT ALONG,
MS. KEATING.
WHAT WAS THAT?
SOMETHING THEY TAUGHT YOU
IN TORTS?
YOU SHOULD
REALLY PAY ATTENTION.
YOU MIGHT LEARN SOMETHING.
Annalise:
MS. TANNER, YOU TESTIFIED
THAT YOU SAW A PILL
ON MY CLIENT'S DESK
ON THE DAY OF THE ACCIDENT,
CORRECT?
YES.
AND YOU SAID IT WAS
A YELLOW PILL,
SIMILAR TO
PROSECUTOR WILLIAMS' SHIRT?
YES.
[ SPECTATORS MURMUR ]
PROSECUTOR WILLIAMS' SHIRT
IS BLUE, MS. TANNER.
ARE YOU COLOR-BLIND?
YES.
BUT I KNOW
WHAT I SAW THAT MORNING.
I SEE.
SO WHETHER THE PILL THAT YOU SAW
ON MY CLIENT'S DESK WAS BLUE,
LIKE HER ANXIETY MEDICATION
SHE USED
TO ENDURE WORKING UNDER YOU,
OR YELLOW, LIKE THE ASPIRIN USED
TO POISON MR. KAUFMAN,
IS NOT SOMETHING
YOU CAN TELL US?
I TOLD YOU, GINA WAS ACTING
NERVOUS, LIKE --
IT'S A SIMPLE QUESTION.
IS IT POSSIBLE
THAT THE PILL THAT YOU SAW
ON GINA'S DESK
WAS HER ANXIETY MEDICATION?
I GUESS SO.
THANK YOU
FOR YOUR CANDOR.
Michaela: I SAW SHE WAS
WEARING GLASSES IN ONE
OF HER FACEBOOK PHOTOS,
WHICH GOT ME WONDERING
ABOUT HER EYESIGHT,
SO I CALLED EVERY OPTOMETRIST
COVERED UNDER HER INSURANCE,
FOUND HERS, THEN PRETENDED TO BE
A CLAIMS PROVIDER
TO GET THE RECEPTIONIST
TO ADMIT
SHE HAS A CONDITION
CALLED ACHROMATOPSIA.
IT CAUSES
COLOR BLINDNESS.
STEP 1 --
DISCREDIT THE WITNESS.
I MIGHT AS WELL HAND YOU
THE TROPHY RIGHT NOW, MS. PRATT.
BUT I WON'T.
NOT UNTIL I SEE HOW THE REST
OF YOU STEP UP YOUR GAME.
Woman:
AND IN OTHER NEWS, THE SEARCH
CONTINUES FOR LILA STANGARD.
MS. STANGARD,
A 21-YEAR-OLD STUDENT
OF THE PHILADELPHIA UNIVERSITY,
HAS NOT BEEN SEEN
SINCE FRIENDS SAW HER
LEAVING A FRATERNITY PARTY
EARLIER THIS WEEK.
OH, MY GOD.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
HELLO?
PROFESSOR KEATING?
Annalise:
DON'T EVEN TRY.
[ GIGGLES ]
[ MOANS ]
PROFESSOR?
OH, MY GOD.
GET THE HELL OUT!
HEY!
I'M SO SORRY.
TH-THE DOOR WAS OPEN.
OH, I'LL KILL HIM.
[ PHONE BEEPS ]
WHY ARE YOU HERE?
IT CAN WAIT.
FRANK,
YOU DIDN'T LOCK UP AGAIN.
SPEAK.
[ SIGHS ]
I-I-I CAME ACROSS THIS CASE --
COMMONWEALTH v. McGINNIS --
WHICH SAYS WE CAN MOVE
FOR A FASTER VERDICT
IF WE THINK THE PROSECUTION'S
EVIDENCE IS INSUFFICIENT.
WHAT YOU'RE SUGGESTING IS CALLED
A "DIRECTED VERDICT."
IF WE ASK FOR IT
AND GET DENIED,
ALL THE PUBLIC WILL HEAR
IS THERE'S ENOUGH EVIDENCE
TO CONVICT.
BUT YOU DISCREDITED THE FIRST
ASSISTANT TODAY AND --
YOU HAD AN IDEA.
I'M TELLING YOU IT'S A BAD ONE.
GOOD NIGHT, SETH.
WES.
RIGHT.
♪ DASHING THROUGH THE SNOW,
IN A ONE-HORSE OPEN SLEIGH ♪
CONNOR, PLEASE STOP.
♪ O'ER THE FIELDS WE GO,
LAUGHING ALL THE WAY ♪
NO. I LIKE IT,
ESPECIALLY THAT IT ANNOYS YOU.
♪ WHAT FUN IT IS TO RIDE AND
SING A SLAYING SONG TONIGHT ♪
♪ OH, JINGLE BELLS, JINGLE
BELLS, JINGLE ALL THE WAY ♪
Laurel:
WHAT'S ALL THIS FOR?
I FIGURED I SHOULD BUY
OTHER STUFF IN CASE I'M
ON THE SURVEILLANCE VIDEO.
WHY? WE CAN JUST KILL THE STORE
OWNER IF WE NEED TO, RIGHT?
♪ ...ONE-HORSE OPEN SLEIGH ♪
♪ HEY! ♪
♪ JINGLE BELLS, JINGLE BELLS,
JINGLE ALL THE WAY ♪
♪ OH, WHAT FUN TO KILL SOMEONE
AND END UP IN JAIL ♪
MAKER'S MANHATTAN,
TWO CHERRIES.
SO, YOU KNOW, YOUR CO-WORKERS
SEEM TO WANT A SHOW.
SO JUST SAY THE WORD
AND WE CAN START MAKING OUT.
[ CHUCKLES ]
IGNORE THEM.
I-I JUST -- I DON'T TALK TO GUYS
AT BARS THAT OFTEN.
SO, LET ME GUESS.
YOU GUYS ALL WORK IN
THE ADVERTISING AGENCY UPSTAIRS?
IS IT THAT OBVIOUS?
I WORK IN THE BANK
ACROSS THE STREET,
AND THE ONLY HOT GUYS
THAT EVER COME IN HERE
ARE FROM YOUR AGENCY.
[ CHUCKLES ]
HOT?
WOW. UH...
I DON'T WORK
IN THE COOL PART OF THE COMPANY,
IF THAT'S
WHAT YOU'RE THINKING.
I'M IN I.T.
I.T.?
NO, I-I THINK I.T.'s
VERY COOL.
CAN I ASK YOU SOMETHING?
YEAH.
DID YOU KNOW THAT SECRETARY
THAT TRIED TO KILL HER BOSS
WITH AN ASPIRIN?
THE LEGAL DEPARTMENT WARNED US
NOT TO TALK ABOUT THAT.
OH. RIGHT.
SORRY I ASKED.
[ CHUCKLES ]
UH, OKAY, BUT NO ONE CAN KNOW
I TOLD YOU THIS.
HOW'D YOU GET THIS?
[ MAN MOANS ]
I THOUGHT
ALL YOU WANTED FROM ME
WERE THOSE E-MAILS.
I DID.
BUT I WANT THIS, TOO.
TURN OVER.
[ MOANING ]
IT WASN'T EXACTLY LEGAL,
IS THE POINT.
THEN WE JUST HAVE TO
GET CREATIVE.
BONNIE!
MR. BRYANT, YOU AND YOUR
BUSINESS PARTNER, MR. KAUFMAN,
HAD A MEETING IN HIS OFFICE
ON THE MORNING OF THE ACCIDENT,
CORRECT?
YES. TO DISCUSS MOVING GINA
TO ACCOUNTING.
SO TO AVOID ANY POSSIBLE
SEXUAL-HARASSMENT LAWSUIT?
THAT'S CORRECT.
WILL YOU PLEASE READ THIS E-MAIL
THAT YOU WROTE TO MR. KAUFMAN?
"DEAR ARTHUR, CONSIDER THIS
MY OFFICIAL REQUEST
"THAT YOU STEP DOWN
AS C.E.O.
"I'VE WARNED YOU ABOUT HAVING
SEXUAL RELATIONS
WITH EMPLOYEES
OF THIS COMPANY --"
YOUR HONOR, THIS E-MAIL WAS NOT
PART OF THE DISCOVERY FILE.
IS THIS TRUE?
Annalise: I THOUGHT IT WAS.
ALTHOUGH MY ASSOCIATE
IS MORE FAMILIAR WITH
THE PAPERWORK ON THIS CASE.
BONNIE?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT?
I FOUND THE E-MAIL
IN THE FILES GIVEN TO US
BY OUR CLIENT'S PREVIOUS
ATTORNEY, YOUR HONOR.
I JUST ASSUMED IT WAS PART
OF THE DISCOVERY FILE.
IT WASN'T, WHICH MEANS IT WAS
OBVIOUSLY OBTAINED ILLEGALLY.
ENOUGH.
DID YOU WRITE THIS E-MAIL,
MR. BRYANT?
YES.
THEN I HAVE TO SIDE
WITH THE DEFENSE HERE.
THE E-MAIL'S ADMISSIBLE.
YOUR HONOR!
I'VE MADE MY DECISION,
MR. WILLIAMS.
MR. BRYANT,
AS STATED IN THE E-MAIL,
YOU WERE ANGRY AT MR. KAUFMAN
FOR TAKING PART
IN A SEXUAL RELATIONSHIP
WITH AN EMPLOYEE.
I WAS FRUSTRATED, YES.
SO FRUSTRATED
THAT PERHAPS YOU SWAPPED
HIS BLOOD PRESSURE PILL
FOR AN ASPIRIN
IN ORDER TO GAIN
SOLE OWNERSHIP OF THE COMPANY?
OBJECTION!
WITHDRAWN.
NO FURTHER QUESTIONS.
Annalise:
WE DID WELL TODAY,
NO DOUBT DUE TO MR. WALSH'S
HARD WORK LAST NIGHT.
I'LL BE AT THE DEAN'S
COCKTAIL PARTY
IF YOU FIND ANYTHING
BEFORE TOMORROW.
HOW'D YOU GET
THAT E-MAIL?
YEAH, BRO, FOR REALS.
I DON'T KISS AND TELL.
WHAT THE HELL
DOES THAT MEAN?
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
ARTHUR.
DON'T -- DON'T GO!
IT'S JUST THE RESTROOM,
SWEETIE.
DON'T GO. DON'T GO.
IT'S JUST THE RESTROOM,
SWEETIE.
Shh, shh, shh.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
[ INDISTINCT ARGUING ]
Griffin: IT'S ABOUT THE BOTH
OF US. DON'T YOU GET THAT?
Rebecca: GRIFFIN, STOP!
THIS HAPPENED, SO GET
YOUR HEAD OUT OF YOUR ASS!
STOP YELLING!
DO YOU NEED HELP?
IT'S FINE.
IT'S NOT A BIG DEAL.
GET OUT OF MY APARTMENT!
[ CRICKETS CHIRPING ]
FIRST YEAR IS THE WORST,
NO DOUBT.
JUST PUT YOUR HEAD DOWN,
DO THE WORK,
AND TRY NOT TO TAKE IT
SO SERIOUSLY.
OKAY, NO OFFENSE, MAN,
BUT, OBVIOUSLY,
YOU NEVER WENT
TO LAW SCHOOL.
THIS PLACE
IS A DOGFIGHT 24/7.
AND ONLY THE BIG DOG
GET THE BONE.
[ LAUGHTER ]
FINE.
YOU'RE ON TO ME.
I'M A PSYCHOLOGY PROFESSOR.
BUT BEFORE YOU LOSE
ALL RESPECT FOR ME,
YOU SHOULD KNOW THAT I WORK
WITH THE FIRM SOMETIMES.
AND YOU? YOU ARE?
WES.
HE'S IN YOUR WIFE'S CLASS, TOO.
AH. SAM.
HOW'S IT GOING SO FAR?
HAS SHE GONE FULL TERRORIST
ON YOU YET OR NO?
[ LAUGHTER ]
I'M SORRY.
WHO'S YOUR WIFE?
PROFESSOR KEATING.
THERE SHE IS.
LET ME GUESS --
YOUR EARS WERE BURNING?
SHOULD THEY BE?
DON'T WORRY.
I DIDN'T SPILL ANY SECRETS.
WELL, NOT YET, AT LEAST.
[ LIGHT LAUGHTER ]
TO FIRST YEAR.
Woman: [ LAUGHS ]
THEY'RE TOTALLY WONDERING
WHERE WE WENT RIGHT NOW.
Man: NO WAY.
OVER HERE.
[ LAUGHS ]
FLASHLIGHT.
HEY, HEY. JEN CANNOT FIND OUT
ABOUT THIS, OKAY?
DEAL.
OKAY.
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
WHAT WAS THAT?
HEY! WHO'S THERE?
CAN WE GO?
[ SIGHS ]
WHY IS FRANK
CALLING YOU?
WHAT?
I SAW YOUR PHONE,
LAUREL.
WHAT THE HELL'S
GOING ON?
I ONLY SAW THEM TOGETHER
FOR A SECOND, I KNOW,
BUT --
WELL, IT MAKES SENSE.
A WIFE GETS SO TIRED
OF HER HUSBAND CHEATING
THAT SHE TEAMS UP WITH
HIS MISTRESS FOR REVENGE.
FINE. SAY YOU'RE RIGHT.
WHAT DO YOU EXPECT US
TO DO ABOUT IT?
PUT YOU ON THE STAND SO THE JURY
DEFINITELY HAS ENOUGH EVIDENCE
TO CONVICT GINA?
NO. OBVIOUSLY NOT.
I-I JUST...
YOU ALREADY KNEW.
I DIDN'T SAY THAT.
RIGHT.
BECAUSE THEN YOU'D ACTUALLY BE
ADMITTING, OUT LOUD,
TO DEFENDING
A GUILTY CLIENT.
AND WHO REALLY
HAS TIME TO DEAL
WITH THE MORAL REPERCUSSIONS
OF THAT?
Frank: BROWN, RIGHT?
OR WAS IT SMITH?
BERKELEY?
[ SCOFFS ] BROWN.
WHAT? YOU READ MY APPLICATION
OR SOMETHING?
JUST A GUESS. WE GET
A LOT OF YOU AROUND HERE.
SMART, IDEALISTIC GIRLS
WHO COME TO LAW SCHOOL
TO HELP THE LESS FORTUNATE,
ONLY TO TAKE A CORPORATE JOB
AFTER GRADUATION,
WHICH THEY THEN QUIT THE SECOND
THEY GET PREGNANT
'CAUSE THEY'D RATHER
STAY HOME.
FOR THE CHILD, OF COURSE.
YOU'RE A MISOGYNISTIC ASS.
[ DOOR OPENS, CLOSES ]
STOP...SCREWING...
THE STUDENTS.
[ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ]
I'M NOT GOING TO SAY
ANYTHING.
HONESTLY, THE FACT THAT I EVEN
SAW THAT WAS MY --
Annalise: STOP.
I NEED TO APOLOGIZE.
MY HUSBAND AND I
HAVE BEEN TALKING
ABOUT HAVING A BABY
FOR A LONG TIME NOW.
[ SNIFFLES ]
AND I HATE MAKING EXCUSES,
BUT IT'S PUT A LOT OF PRESSURE
ON US AND OUR MARRIAGE.
OH, MY GOD.
OH, GOD, I JUST...
I'M TOTALLY MAKING --
MAKING IT WORSE.
FORGIVE ME.
THANK YOU FOR KEEPING THIS
BETWEEN US. HMM?
OF COURSE.
I'LL JUST...
...GO.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ SNIFFLES ]
Griffin: IF LILA WERE HERE,
I KNOW SHE'D WANT TO THANK
EVERYONE FOR THEIR SUPPORT.
Woman: THAT WAS STAR MIDDLETON
QUARTERBACK GRIFFIN O'REILLY
SPEAKING TONIGHT AT A VIGIL
HELD FOR HIS GIRLFRIEND,
LILA STANGARD.
SAM!
HEY, GUYS.
HEY.
HOW WAS YALE? LET ME GUESS --
THEY LOVED YOU, RIGHT?
OFFERED YOU
THE WHOLE DEPARTMENT?
THEY'RE JUST EARLY TALKS.
NO ONE'S MOVING ANYWHERE YET.
ALL RIGHT. I'M HEADING TO BED.
YOU COMING?
I'VE MISSED YOU.
I'LL BE UP SOON.
[ FOOTSTEPS APPROACH ]
Wes: HEY.
OH. HEY.
UH, THAT'S JUST TO SAY SORRY
FOR TONIGHT
AND THEN THE NIGHT
BEFORE THAT.
I STOLE IT
FROM THE BAR I WORK AT,
SO DON'T ACTUALLY THINK
I'M THAT NICE.
I'VE HEARD THE MUSIC
YOU LISTEN TO.
I NEVER THOUGHT
YOU WERE NICE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
REBECCA.
SHOULD WE OPEN IT,
MAYBE?
I KIND OF HAD
A WEIRD NIGHT.
COULD USE A DRINK...
OR TEN.
I CAN'T TONIGHT.
SORRY.
[ DOOR CLOSES, LOCK CLICKS ]
Williams:
SO, YOU GOT THE FOOTAGE
FROM THE CONVENIENCE STORE
WHEN, DETECTIVE GILL?
IT WAS TWO NIGHTS AGO.
UH, TH-THE STORE OWNER
HAD SEEN THE DEFENDANT'S
PICTURE ON THE NEWS,
SO HE WENT THROUGH HIS OLD
SURVEILLANCE TAPES
AND JUST FOUND
THIS FOOTAGE.
FOOTAGE THAT I WILL NOW
PLAY FOR EVERYONE.
THERE.
THE NIGHT BEFORE
THE MURDER ATTEMPT,
MS. SADOWSKI BOUGHT...
WHAT DOES IT SAY ON THAT LABEL,
DETECTIVE GILL?
UH, UH, SOLOXACORE.
IT'S A BRAND OF ASPIRIN.
Annalise:
YOU HAD ONE JOB!
TO LET US KNOW WHAT BODIES
WE NEEDED TO BURY!
TEXTS, CALLS, ANYTHING
WE NEEDED TO DESTROY.
AND YOU DIDN'T.
SO GUESS WHAT!
GUESS WHAT!
YOU GO TO JAIL,
AND I'M THE SHODDY LAWYER
WHO PUT YOU THERE!
I HAD A HEADACHE!
IT ISN'T --
STOP LYING!
GET OUT.
I CAN'T THINK
WITH YOU HERE.
SHE'S NOT WRONG, ANNALISE.
IT'S ASPIRIN.
WE ALL BUY IT.
WHAT ABOUT YOU, FRANK?
WHAT SLUTTY UNDERGRAD
SPREAD HER LEGS
AND MADE YOU FORGET YOUR JOB
THIS TIME?
HEY, I GRILLED GINA
THE MINUTE WE GOT THIS CASE.
SHE CHOSE NOT TO TELL ME THIS
BECAUSE, WELL,
THAT'S OBVIOUS, ISN'T IT?
I'M SORRY.
IT WON'T HAPPEN AGAIN.
BUT DON'T WORRY.
WE CAN FIX THIS.
"WE"?
NO, I'LL FIX IT.
YOU STAY HERE,
COLLECT A PAYCHECK.
Annalise: I'D LIKE TO CALL
OUR FIRST WITNESS TO THE STAND.
DETECTIVE NATE LAHEY.
WHO'S THAT?
NO IDEA.
PROFESSOR.
GET THE HELL OUT!
WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?
Annalise: WHERE WERE YOU
TWO NIGHTS AGO, DETECTIVE?
Nate: WHAT?
TWO NIGHTS AGO,
WHEN DETECTIVE GILL
ACQUIRED THE VIDEO
THAT SUPPOSEDLY INCRIMINATES
MY CLIENT --
WEREN'T YOU SUPPOSED TO BE
WORKING AT THE PRECINCT
AS HIS DIRECT SUPERVISOR?
I WAS.
AND WERE YOU THERE?
PLEASE ANSWER THE QUESTION,
DETECTIVE.
NO.
I WAS NOT.
WHERE WERE YOU, THEN?
HOME, PERHAPS?
TAKING CARE OF YOUR WIFE?
I HEAR SHE'S RECENTLY BEEN
DIAGNOSED WITH CANCER.
I WAS AT A FRIEND'S.
OKAY.
I ONLY ASK BECAUSE THERE'S
SOMETHING I FIND STRANGE
ABOUT THE CHAIN OF CUSTODY
ON THIS VIDEO.
DETECTIVE GILL TESTIFIED
THAT HE RECEIVED THE VIDEO
FROM THE STORE OWNER
AT 8:00 P.M.
BUT THE LOGS SAY
HE DIDN'T LOG IT INTO CUSTODY
UNTIL 2:09 A.M.
DON'T YOU FIND
THAT TIME GAP ODD?
SOMETIMES
IT TAKES US A WHILE
TO LOG EVIDENCE
INTO THE COMPUTER.
BECAUSE YOU'RE ALL
SO BUSY?
VISITING FRIENDS
AND SUCH?
DETECTIVE,
IN YOUR 12 YEARS
WORKING FOR THE CITY
OF PHILADELPHIA,
HAVE YOU EVER KNOWN THEM
TO ALTER VIDEO FOOTAGE
TO HELP THE PROSECUTION
GET A CONVICTION?
Williams: OBJECTION!
DIGITALLY ALTERING ASPIRIN
LABELS, FOR EXAMPLE?
YOUR HONOR!
I'M SIMPLY ASKING
DETECTIVE LAHEY ABOUT
HIS PERSONAL EXPERIENCE
WITHIN HIS DEPARTMENT.
THIS IS THE LAST QUESTION
I'LL ALLOW.
ARE YOU PERSONALLY AWARE
OF ANY INSTANCES
OF DOCTORED SURVEILLANCE FOOTAGE
WITHIN YOUR DEPARTMENT?
YES.
[ SPECTATORS MURMUR ]
I AM.
Annalise:
THE GOOD PEOPLE OF PHILADELPHIA
SAW JUSTICE PREVAIL TODAY.
MS. SADOWSKI WAS A VICTIM HERE,
SCAPEGOATED BY A DESPERATE,
OVERWORKED D.A.'s OFFICE.
AND AS MUCH AS WE HOPE
THE POLICE FIND
THE REAL PERPETRATOR OF THIS ACT
AGAINST MR. KAUFMAN,
MS. SADOWSKI IS
AND ALWAYS HAS BEEN INNOCENT,
AND I AM SO HAPPY
THE JURY AGREED.
I WANT TO BE HER.
NOW IT'S TIME TO FIND OUT WHO
WILL BE JOINING US IN OUR FIRM.
FIRST,
THE STANDOUT IN THE CLASS
AND THE ONE YOU SHOULD ALL MAKE
IT YOUR MISSION TO DESTROY...
...COME GET YOUR PRIZE,
MR. WALSH.
THE OTHER ONES JOINING US
WILL BE...
ASHER MILLSTONE.
YEAH! YES!
MICHAELA PRATT.
OH, THANK GOD.
LAUREL CASTILLO.
AND BECAUSE
OUR WORKLOAD HAS GROWN,
I DECIDED TO HIRE
ONE MORE OF YOU.
AND THAT ONE WILL BE...
...WES GIBBINS.
Wes:
PROFESSOR KEATING!
WES.
HOW CAN I HELP YOU?
SO, THAT DETECTIVE...?
IS MY BOYFRIEND. YES.
I DON'T WANT THE JOB.
NOT IF YOU PICKED ME
BECAUSE OF THAT.
"THAT"?
YOU GOT HIM TO LIE
ON THE STAND.
IS THAT WHY I PICKED YOU?
BECAUSE I THOUGHT
I PICKED YOU
BECAUSE YOUR
SELF-DEFENSE ARGUMENT
SHOWED YOU THINK WELL
ON YOUR FEET.
BUT NOW THAT YOU EXPOSED WHAT
YOU REALLY THINK OF YOURSELF
AND THAT YOU REALLY DON'T
BELIEVE YOU DESERVE THIS JOB --
THAT'S NOT WHAT I SAID.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT YOU SAID,
RIGHT BEFORE YOU ACCUSED ME OF
ILLEGAL ACTS TO WIN THIS CASE.
WE WON
BECAUSE I DID MY JOB.
YOU THINK CAREFULLY.
EVERYTHING AFTER THIS MOMENT
WILL NOT ONLY DETERMINE
YOUR CAREER BUT LIFE.
YOU CAN SPEND IT
IN A CORPORATE OFFICE
DRAFTING CONTRACTS
AND HITTING ON CHUBBY PARALEGALS
BEFORE FINALLY PUTTING
A GUN IN YOUR MOUTH,
OR YOU CAN JOIN MY FIRM
AND BECOME SOMEONE
YOU ACTUALLY LIKE.
SO DECIDE.
DO YOU WANT THE JOB
OR NOT?
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
Man: SOMEONE CALL ABOUT
LOW WATER PRESSURE?
GUYS!
DID ANYBODY CALL MAINTENANCE?
I THINK THE WATER THINGY'S
UPSTAIRS.
Woman: BREAKING NEWS LIVE
HERE IN PHILADELPHIA --
POLICE ARE CONFIRMING
A WOMAN'S BODY
WAS FOUND INSIDE
THE KAPPA KAPPA THETA HOUSE
ON MIDDLETON'S CAMPUS.
GRIFFIN!
LOOK!
WHETHER THAT WOMAN
IS LILA STANGARD,
LONG-TERM GIRLFRIEND
TO MIDDLETON FOOTBALL STAR
GRIFFIN O'REILLY,
HAS NOT BEEN CONFIRMED.
IT WAS JUST DAYS AGO
THE STAR STUDENT STANGARD
WAS REPORTED MISSING BY ONE OF
HER FRIENDS AT THE SORORITY.
SHE WAS LAST SEEN ATTENDING
A PARTY AT A CAMPUS FRATERNITY.
NO WITNESSES SAW HER LEAVE,
AND SHE WAS NOT IN HER ROOM
THE NEXT MORNING.
THE FACT THAT SHE MIGHT
NOT HAVE BEEN MISSING
THIS ENTIRE TIME...
[ DOOR OPENS ]
...BUT RATHER DECEASED
IN HER OWN HOME...
WHAT HAPPENED?
...IS CERTAINLY GOING TO RAISE
MANY QUESTIONS...
MY STUDENT.
THEY FOUND HER
IN ONE OF THOSE WATER TANKS.
...PARKED OUTSIDE THE HOME
OF HER PARENTS,
STUART AND MIRANDA STANGARD,
OWNERS OF BILLION-DOLLAR TECH
COMPANY STANGARD INDUSTRIES.
I'M SORRY.
NO, IT'S JUST...
[ SIGHS ]
THOSE POOR PARENTS.
I BET YOU
THE BOYFRIEND DID IT.
I GUESS WE'LL SEE.
♪ I NEVER WANTED TO ABUSE
YOUR IMAGINATION ♪
♪ I COME WITH KNIVES ♪
♪ AND AGONY ♪
♪ TO LOVE YOU ♪
♪ I COME WITH KNIVES ♪
OKAY. LAST CHANCE.
EITHER WE ALL AGREE,
OR WE STOP RIGHT NOW.
JUST DO IT.
BEFORE THE BONFIRE ENDS.
MICHAELA?
IT'S THE ONLY WAY
TO DESTROY THE DNA.